So yeah, there's a lot here to
learn from just this alone.
But another reason too is,
exactly for this reason.
I don't know if you could see
anything wrong here but personally,
if you look at the animation text,
it's a little bit weird.
And again, we could go into our
animations, And we could investigate,
what's so
weird about this if I could click it.
Okay, let me click it there we go.
So notice over here it's not doing it, but
if I click this, okay so,
the problem is even worse there.
You could see that the animation is
actually being really, really shrunken.
You see that text, it's being shrunken.
So, this is not something that we want and
so on the way down,
it's also being stretched.
And so the reason for this is because
we're doing a layout animation,
on the parents itself.
And so, because we're doing it on
the parent, this stretching and
transforming, is going to affect
all the children as well.
Thankfully there's actually
a pretty simple fix to this.
And so the fix is that,
instead of applying these flip
animations to the parent,
we could apply it, to pseudo-elements.
So if I do this to the before, Then,
hopefully, I get pretty much the same
effects without the text changing.
And so all that's left to do is actually
use the same flip technique, for the text.
All right so are there any questions on
the flip technique and layout animations?
Yeah.
>> Can you go a little bit more
into the request animation frame.
I see that you have request
animation frame function and
then there's another request
animation frame inside that function.
Is that kind of operating like hey,
this isn't the same scene and
this will happen then that will happen?
What happens if that request animation
frame is outside of that initial, call?
>> Well all right so let me show you
exactly what's happening over here,
let's say that this is your timeline,
right?
And that, here's one request
animation frame, or sorry,
here's one animation frame here's
another one and, here's another one.
So all the changes that we're making, are
actually happening, just ahead of time.
So, where we're doing the setting up
the styles and everything over here.
And this is where we're doing
the inversion of the x and
the y position and the width and
the height, right?
So the browser,
when it's doing transitions,
it's reading between the animation frames.
So, I'm not sure if this is why
you're asking but basically,
it needs to have something over here.
Let's say that this changed so
that it knows hey,
there's a difference between,
what's calculated here.
And what's calculated in this animation
frame, so I could transition.
Now if we do those in the same
animation frame, you get this.
Which means the browser is
only going to read this, and
it's not really going to know
that anything is changing.
So that's why you basically have to
have them in separate animation frames.
>> There's a person that asked,
I don't see why the rect bounding
box changes between,
the first rect and the last rect.
>> Okay so, here's why at least in here,
here's why it's changing.
We have different styles, here let me
show you, for collapsed and expanded.
And so we could show that here,
when we do expanded,
you could see that the styles
are completely different.
And so the rects,
the bounding clients rects which measures,
the dimensions of this rect,
that's what's changing, so, Yeah.